#### Within this project are a few limitations that cause the results to be somewhat biased. 
1- Given the time constraints of this project, we were unable to get the Twitter grant to access their API in order to extract the tweets we needed in order to conduct the sentiment analysis of President Macron’s speeches regarding COVID-19. The idea was to extract 1000 tweets within the 24 hours of the live speech within the parisian region, as a starting point. As a result of this limitation, our only option was to then look into an existing dataset with a similar approach in mind - sentiment analysis of Twitter users on presidential speeches.

2- Our tweet sample looks at tweets mentioning President Donald Trump and what the general sentiments of the tweets look like. Bias becomes prominent as mentions of the president could be related to a variety of controversial topics, especially with what may have been trending at the time of data collection. But more so than that, the limitations of the NLP package used was that it uses the bag of words methods for word embedding, which tends to simplify the analysis of the tweets - causing a potential bias in the true sentiment of each tweet. The other possibility would have been to use the Word2Vec package which involves a deep learning technique that is more advanced in terms of analysis, and thus presenting more realistic results. 

3- In order to conduct the sentiment analysis, we used an NLP package that has an integrated word dictionary within. This dictionary could interpret some elements of a tweet to possess positive or negative sentiments when it may in fact be the opposite, potentially skewing the results more than what reality would actually show. 

4- Our main limitation is expressed by our inability to obtain twitter’s API key in order to conduct our polarity analysis. In fact, our code seems to run well, we manage despite using inaccurate tweets to create a model that removes all the biased and noisy data (ponctuation, links, tabs, spaces). Howerer, we should obtain the most accurate and transparent visualization of the positif and negatif sentiment that every sentence refers to. 

5- On the other hand, if we assume that we get the accurate data we would probably get additional tricky biases that can perpetuate inappropriate human biases. For instance, in the context of sentiment analysis it is frequent that the system may consider the messages conveyed by a specific gender or race to be less positive simply because of replicating human biases. Therefore, it is our duty and responsibility as developers of an NPL system especially regarding the complexity of the Covid-19 situation to address and minimize this kind of limitations especially when replicating existing sentiment analysis systems. 

6- With regards to the important amount of data that is generated by social media everyday,lexicon based methods are providing a high accuracy. However, the predictions can be biased towards positive or negative polarity thus distorting analysis. In our approach, we would be grateful to have an accurate dataset to create bias-conscious methods in order to significantly reduce the percentage of bias in our analysis. In fact, if we were able to define bias in our polarity predictions, we would be able to present a measure to quantify it. 

